His confidence / Power increases throughout the day, reaching it's peak at high noon.

The plight of captain thaddeus mousengard, of the plachian empire, hid tremendouss treasure before dissapearing 50 years ago. 
Treasure is thought to be lost forever.

//////////////////////
/// Honking Porker /// (our ship)

Level 2

Chester Shumacker
	Wizard
	Old man with power armour
	Peeping Chester
	90-something years old
	Running a shoe shop, worked hard all his life
	Looking for an adventure and the ruffians turned up, he volunteered and found his adventure

High Oracle Apparent to the Righteous and Most Holy Grand Church of Asiron - No name but the title
	Cleric
	Morning Star & Heavy Armour
	Follows Asiron, the god of the skies, oposition of Thinkos, god of the seas

Siren Silver - Real name is Adonis Thundercock Siren Silver
	Barbarian
	Tall strong confident
	Small seafaring town named bro-ville
	Uncle Chadicus Bradicus taught him to fight
	Worked as a guard for tradeships
	Lived a quiet life with wife and children
	Then disaster struck, doesn't want to comment right now

Aluminium Fred - Alfred
	Artificier
	Sentient automaton
	Pot boy

Terrance Tobogon
	Never wanted to be a pirate, walk the plank or join.
	Takes the piss out of Groggo as Groggo is dying
	Lied on his resume to get onboard the ship
	Stealing from Groggo
	Wanted to get to get to Arrington to see his uncle (possible lie?)

Kestulans attacking ship, Merrow comes on board and knocks Oracle unconcious

Groggo
	Found the first part of Thaddius Mousengard's Diary
	Sandekka is at Arrington

Ship cleaner Nonnie (was Donnie) - after being given little other option by Siren
	Dies to Kestulan in hull of ship.

This is all of our first time in the Indigo Archipelago.

Diary of Thaddius Mousengard
	Sandekker
		Owl-kin, An incredible mechanic who has contributed to the world greatly.

Sol summons his familiar Helios

Level 3
Spellbook Gains:
	Continual Flame & Flaming Sphere
	Prepares Continual Flame & Flaming Sphere, losing preparation of Find Familiar.

Merry the Harber-master
	Pay 50gold to dock here for a week
	25gold now, 25gold when leaving

Money
	-5gold given by Sol for ship docking

Sol casts Continual Flame
	Cost covered by initial money dust
+3gold from attracting attention from self flame & posing/begging
+26gold selling scroll of longstrider
-8gp Dragon Cap Mushroom

Temple of Asiron
	Wrong colour eyes in Ariron statue, High Oracle influicts wounds on the eyes to remove the incorrect colour
	Oracle then heads to the beach where he found some correct sage green rocks
	2 women watching him, they know who Oracle is, one pulls the other and they hurry back inside

	High priest of Arington Asiron Dragon Cult
		High Oracle is Avatar of Asiron (Asiron in mortal form)
		The cult has put a hit out on High Oracle

Nutty Squirrel
	Sandekker has gone a little mad, lives in the house on the hill, nice guy, very smart
	Cooking contest in the morning, prize 100gp, rare spice as prize
	Shipright BFB is in the corner (Big fucking bruiser)
		Angry looking
		Many empty tankards around him
		Agrees to help out repairing the ship after the party complete his sea shanty
	Siren and Chester accidentally insult some people in the bar and they are threatened for their wallets
	A fight breaks out, but Oracle commands the opposing captian to back down and he runs

Druidic storefront
	Old man
		Known Chester was coming for a while
	Paul the parrot

Glass case with some rare ingredients
	Dragon Cap Mushroom
	Giants Bollock
	Scrumptious Whistlegrass
	Angel's Toenail

Competition Prep
	Judges - Alice (barmaid) and 3 regular blokes.

	Nevermind catch and cook, todays all about Sol and Seabass

	Descriptions
		Sol steps to the table, a light-hearted confidence across his face, his skin already eminating glowing ambers.
		
		Sol begins by igniting the small hearth, with a flick of his wrist flames jump to life and begin to dancing to his command, his bright eyes reflect the same heat back.

		With a flourish of olive oil Sol paints the sizzling hot pan, sending a fragrant mist into the air.
		
		With a swift flourish, Sol unveils the day's bounty - a glistening fish, its scales shimmering like bright opals, its skin still fragrant from salty ocean kisses. To its side are a selection of potatoes, greens, onions and peppers.
		
		Silently and peacefully Sols large hands move like silken sails in the breeze as he seasons the fish with gathered herbs and spices from his pouch. Topping it with a touch of fire itself, a sprinkle of shimmering embers crack beteen his fingers leaving a smoky perfume on the fish's surface.

		Sol gently lays the fish onto a cooking platter, using his innate Triton powers to create a hot steam cloud surrounding it and then covers as if hiding a precious artifact.

		Next, Sol lifts a hefty knife, testing its balance, the glint of metal mirroring the dancing flames. With practiced ease, he halves the plump potatoes, revealing creamy flesh that gleams like polished pearls. These treasures are tossed into the skillet, anointed with butter that sizzles like a celebratory fanfare.

		Leeks, with lushous stalks that whisper of hidden meadows, are sliced cleanly. Their vibrant green batons are then sent to join the potatoes, their delicate fragrance mingling with the smoky char.

		Onions are rolled to the center of the table, as he does so you see the hard skin loosening and with the knife he smoothly separates the fresh insides. In a rapid moment of passion Sol dices the onions with fiery precision. Each cube explodes with an invisible aroma as it meets the hot skillet, their pearly white flesh quickly turning translucent, caramelising peacefully.

		Peppers, a symphony of reds and yellows, bulge with the promise of crisp summer sunshine. Sol, makes silent eye contact with those observing and without looking flicks his wrist, sending magical flames towards the peppers, charring their skin without need for a pan. The vibrant colors deepen, their sweetness bubbling within, like pockets of flavour.

		Throughout all of this, his artifact has been reaching supremacy, he reveals the hidden fish for all to see, now steamed to a delicate flaky perfection worthy as food to the gods he thinks to himself.

		Sol one-by-one gathers first the graceful fish, then the plump potatoes, then the vibrant leeks, then the caramelised onions, the the pepper pods, before giving all one final garnish bringing them together with a paprika like campfire magic, the aroma swirling around the room.

		In one final display of showvoting Sol, the Sunlit Chef.. in one action manipulating the flames around him, extinguishes the hearth and his own embers now turn to flames as if he has engulfed the hearth's energy.

	Sol Wins:
		Inspiration
		+100g
		Druid mushroom  - grants a use of wildshape into spider / wolf / bear for the user when consumed in a meal. Can only be used for a single person's meal.

Cultist tells Oracle: 'They' murdered the priest
Black smokey face "We are coming for you Oracle, you won't have long" Voice of the highest priest of the raging tempest, the only man above Oracle in the hierarchy, who has only to lose in a change in order.
Enormous dragon head in the center (as an altar) of the church in the visage of Asiron
Vision, clouds above and around, Old asironian: "Seek Mousengard, and you will be rewarded".

Sandekker's Workshop
Siren looking for an alternative way into Sandekkers house?

Sandekker eratic, not the man Al-Fred ahs heard about
Chester put him to sleep
Trap door with mirror in basement

Parrot leads Chester to Sandekker's, pulling him inside.

Empty room

SCROLL FOUND: Jims Coin
SCROLL FOUND: Mending

Riddle:

My first is in ocean, but never in sea.
My next is in wasp, but not in a bee.
My last is in glider and also in flight.
My whole is a creature that hunts through the night.
	Answer OWL

Small room with
	A small mechanical own
	Long thin cannon attachment fits onto Al-Freds arm
	Some notes explaining how this attachment launches a helpful owl

SCROLL FOUND: Enlarge-Reduce
		
Kash - Goddess of change on the walls (Fresco)

SCROLL FOUND: 5x Ray of frost
	1 Chester
	1 Alfred
	3 Sol

Water barrel in the corner, with a small bucket Al-Fred pours water onto the ground, a green shoot begins to grow from it in the center of the room.

Blue	water
Red		fire?
Orange	?
White	frost

-1 ray of frost

Al-Fred ready to share Lore / Background / his past

Door in front
	Flawless

Door to the left
	3 lit torches

Puzzle solved, not floorlessly

Room with a mimic, found on the second attempt as a plant pot in the corner

SCROLL FOUND: Grease

From mimic kill
	2 bottles purple liquid - Adrenochrome - adrenaline shot in combat
	243 gold
		How was this shared?
	Ring with gemstone - prismatic ring
		The metal of this ring is streaked with a rainbow pattern that shimmers and shifts around constantly.
		As an action, you may whisper one of the following words to the ring. All weapon attacks you make have their damage type replaced with the damage type you stated for one minute. You may not use the ring again until the next dawn.
		The possible damage types are Fire, Cold, Lightning, Poison, Necrotic, and Radiant.

Eyes of Helios see terrance escaping 
		
As the room lights up, we see 2 spiders

Spider Fight
	LOOT: Sol: +1 Leather Armour

Kestulan Fight

2 paths -> Main cave opens to bossfight, other underwater route found

Main cave, Siren Bossfight
	Sandekker kneeling, an adolescent siren with wings behind back, with druid

	Siren plotting with Sandekker?

	LORE / BACKGROUND: Siren (party member) reveals that Sirens took his son and send him into a range

	After defeating Siren, the party finds the (next entry?) of Thadimus Mousengard's Journal

	Terrance leads the marines to the party
	Lt. Axton leads the marines and comes to take the page
	The party resists but their efforts are futile and they are weak from the Siren fight

	Axton steals the page

	AL:FRED Sandekker fan interaction

	Sandekker travelled with Mousengard 52 years ago towards Nizard empire, outside of Platch then escorted him into the archipelago to Arington
	He would just yell directions as if he had his own compass

	AL:FRED was not sentient but worked on himself for milennia after being created by ???

	Side passage under water has something calling to Siren
		Gold dragon shaped statue, with a shell on its back
			As a bonus action, if the vessel is empty, you can speak the command word to fill the vessel with one of the following (your choice): Ale, Olive Oil, a Potion of Healing, or a Potion of Climbing. Once this property is used, it can’t be used until the next dawn. A potion you create in this way loses its magical properties if it isn’t imbibed within 24 hours.

	LOOT Sol Chest d100
		Cloak of Protection
		Dust of Disappearance
		2 Sending Stones

	LOOT Oracle Chest d100
		103 gold

	Half elf, old bones

	Word on paper in hand of half elf
		"Ordenon" (great dragon) fought in a primeval battle, he fought thinkoss' champion (the mother of all sirens)

	Chester names his spirit dog Alfie

	LOOT (shop): Angel's Toenail purchase - 15gp
		
	Sol's cooking:
		Include a Druid mushroom
			Added to a meal; grants a use of wildshape into spider / wolf / bear for the user when consumed. Can only be used for a single person's meal.
		Include a dragon mushroom for everyone

	Chester voted next captain

	Party heads towards the military base, a military vessel intercepts our path, initiative is rolled.

	Homework
		Verse on how we beat the siren

		A mage of fire, with heart aflame,
		A fireball grasped within his frame.
		A miniature sun, a fiery sphere,
		He hurled it forth without a fear.

		The siren's song, a haunting tune,
		Was silenced by his fiery boon.
		With magic's might, he struck her down,
		And claimed the victory as his own.
			
		From palms aflame, beams soared and leapt,
		A dance of fire, a fiery stept.
		The siren, caught in fiery net,
		Her song extinguished, her power met.

		The siren's song, a haunting tune,
		Was quelled by his fiery swoon.
		With magic's might, he struck her down,
		And claimed the victory as his own.

	After defeating Siren, the party finds the next entry of Thadimus Mousengard's Journal

	Terrance leads the marines to the party
	Lt. Axton leads the marines and comes to take the page
	The party resists but their efforts are futile and they are weak from the Siren fight

	Axton steals the page / entry

The party angry and wanting to follow the trail of Mousengards Diary chase after Axton to a military island.

The party is ambushed on their sea voyage by a larger ship.

Victory
	200gp (40gp each)
	Sol finds a description of this party
		Signed by Axton
		Sol burns it in anger

Plan to land on south side of beach is still wanted

Corina stowaway on ship (mousefolk)
	Home is Mouseton
	Groggo's men with the diary entry destroyed Mouseton and stole Corina to hope that she would become a rare posession.

In the night Chester is drawn outside to an impish creature, he is walking without mechanical assistance.
Imp offers freedom of movement, asks what a star is, pointing to Orangis Major, Amaltheo.
	Chester tells him.

Chester wakes up and cannot walk still

Operation Souvlaki
	Oracle, Sol pretending to be captives
	Al:Fred pretends to be working automaton
	BFB, Siren, Chester dress as navymen
	"Fierce fight, ur ship was sank but we managed to escape on the enemies ship"

Michael Hunt shows the party around, dungeons first, holding cells next
Other captives wont leave until their captain is freed, he could cause some chaos and is kept in the dungeon.
Officers quarters, much better quality with spell scroll, another alarm
Axton's only vice is to kill things

Sol and Oracle break out with a cannon distraction, they escape to a hatch below with Sol casting grease on the handle
Siren and AlFred set a fire in the middle
Sol and Oracle distract the guards with a glowing coin then persuade them that this is a coin that they wish to bring to Lt Axton.
Chester finds Lt Axton and sweet talks him about hunting. Lt Axton instructs him to kill the blue prisoners.
Tell general A about tempest theory amongst ???
Chester writes note and gives to Helios
	Top of tower fighting Axton
Lt Axton comes with Chester but sends a carrier pigeon 

ERROR SHAPE WATER SPELL

Oracle, you wouldn’t believe what I overheard the sailors talking about as we came down to this basement. They were arguing that Asiron’s sage is less than the radiant shades of green of Thinkoss. These men have been taught lies by Lt. Axton himself. They seemed to have no respect for Asiron’s shade at all.
I'll burn them for their blasphemy.

Chester finds a book which talks of:
Some of the higher gods are unable to directly influence events, fearing a war in heaven should their peers respond in kind. It is no exaggeration to say that these beings have the potential to destroy the world with their conflicts. As such, this author believes that some of the gods attempt to influence mortal events through champions, or "aspects". This author believes that some prodigiously talented creatures are blessed with divine favour, and become nearly unstoppable. It is well documented that there have been individuals throughout history with near divine powers, legendary beings who shaped the world. This remains speculation, as we have not seen such a being in nearly a millennium, and as such we have no concrete proof of this theory.

Lt Axton has put a bounty out for the party, he knew Chester Shumaker by name

Axton LOOT
	Very nice sabre
	Pistol found
	Couple of rings
		Spell casting
		Enchants your weapon based on spell casted
	Gold

Song - Operation Suevlaki
	Oracle, Sol pretending to be captives
	Al:Fred pretends to be working automaton
	BFB, Siren, Chester dress as navymen
	"Fierce fight, ur ship was sank but we managed to escape on the enemies ship"

AlFred upgrades the ships speed

Very immediate storm comes across the ship, with lightning, sinks ship

2 groups wash up on shore:
	Sol, Chester, AlFred
	Siren, Oracle

The 2 groups battle their way closer to each

Goblins stand over some of the ship supplies.

Tracey
Fairy tells us we are in 'Elis' enchanted forest, all manner of beasts live here, there something dangerous from 50 years ago on the other side of the island. It is a man, never told the fairy it's name. Fairy has sisters about.

Fairy gives riddles
I have forests but no trees, rivers but no water, hills but no ground
	Maps
Which side of a tree has the most leaves
	Outside
Imagine youre in the middle of a forest surrounded by orcs, nothing to defend yourself. What do you do
	Imagine there are no orcs

Rewards
	Minor illusion - Alfred
	Chester mending
	Sol & Oracle cantrip light
	Siren Cantrip Sacred flame

Short Rest

Party comes across Stacey
Offers beds, party has already rested

Fairy Macey
	Find my bracelet, a spider stole it

Mimic Chest
	6 rubies worth 100 or so gp
	1 ruby Chetser
	1 ruby AlFred
	4 rubies Sol
	aim to sell spares

Travel further into forest, goblin ambush, intimidated away
Inside a cave, theres an altar with a knife next to it
Writings in Giant - Sol ritual cast Comprehend Languages to understand

BLESSED
IS HE WHO
ENTERS.

MORE
BLESSED
IS HE WHO
PROSTRATES.

MOST
BLESSED
IS HE WHO
SACRIFICES.

Sol and Oracle solve the riddle,
Sol gives a blood SACRIFICE, -1 to melee attack roles curse, cured by Oracle's lesser healing
Chester PROSTRATES himself
	Grapple gun reveals itself
	Writing on grapple gun: THIS LAST THING I CREATE BEFORE HE HOLLOWS ME OUT
Oracle uses BLESS
	Body in sarcofacus revealed (Jeff the gnome)

Researchers notes, Jeff aspect of Moridin - Found body of an aspect
	Moridin - God of land mass and forge, has a hammer in its arms
		Jeff's Hammer - Legendary Relic

Writing on tomb
	REST HERE BROTHER, AWAY FROM HIS EYES. HE CANNOT USE YOU ANYMORE.

Goblins and swashbuckler on the beach with salty porker ship, trapped BFB, Corinna not to be seen

Goblins took Corinna for a sacrifice
BFB maybe lost an arm, not sure?

Party heads towards the way that Corinna was taken, this may be where the man that the fairies warned of is located

Corrinna not found in the outhouse or basement

Scrolls
	Blade ward - Chester
	Booming blade - Oracle
	51gp in chest - 10gp each
	Bright red trousers - Sol